that is Shane Ryan overseeing the
operation behind the Cape and hustling
his stool handlers along closing on
starting time dumb Donald takes another
two
yes carita the Japanese printer is about
to be lit up it's racing without the
hood tonight he wore here at his most
recent start remind your biscuits widely
drawn about to come forward done Donnell
moves in and that looks to be it starter
at the button they're ready
gates ply their racing in the golden
Shaheen and Morrow edge from the inside
one of the first down my catch began
will said Joe by he came out running my
errands just behind the pace than high
off life done Donnell still walk and
dude renetto the wizard followed by Dios
Corina cool cowboy back off the pipes
comic asses out very deep as they
charged into the first pen and while due
to drop down to be last of all my catch
the leader seven hundred meters out
leaving a quarter behind in 23.9 so job
I went up to be second for a witch third
who Arif is a head away running fourth
and an iron life ran out of the winners
calling cast or walking dude through the
back is fine your biscuit out very deep
and
to turn bottom bycatch tackle bison Joe
Buck grandpa meters out Horowitz
killing around their heels come against
down the outside and find your biscuit
it's storming right down the center of
the track here comes biscuit mind your
biscuit film to the front of Hungary to
death from Gemma gasps survive your
biscuit raced away to win for the by go
to Jane Doe for the miners Maura we Jen
come again there's a joke they followed
by still walkin third killed cowboy not
listen to me
and then game dumb Donald my catch
another the wizard the Oscar read a high
of life boo Arab and wild dude thank you
the Dale mind your business
jawoll rosario to die by the fair as
possible much by a minor cast in the
previous race the elders rit has
prevailed the board mind you biscuit has
overcome extreme outside gate